# npm Code of Conduct

npm exists to facilitate sharing code, by making it easy for
JavaScript module developers to publish and distribute packages.

npm is a piece of technology, but more importantly, it is a community.

We believe that our mission is best served in an environment that is
friendly, safe, and accepting; free from intimidation or harassment.

Towards this end, certain behaviors and practices will not be
tolerated.

## tl;dr

* Be respectful.
* Abusive behavior is never tolerated.
  administrators, and may be removed.
* Violations of this code may result in swift and permanent expulsion
  from the Node.js inclusivity working group and/or the Node.js
  community.

## Scope

Wea expect all members and participants of the Node.js Inclusivity
Working Group and community, including commenters and contributors, to
abide by this Code of Conduct at all times in all Node.js community
venues, online and in person, and in one-on-one communications
pertaining to the Node.js Working Group's  affairs.

This policy covers behavior in the context of the Node.js Inclusivity
Working Group Open Source community, including but not limited to public
GitHub repositories, and IRC/Slack channels.

The definitions of various subjective terms such as "discriminatory",
"hateful", or "confusing" will be decided at the sole discretion of
the Node.js Inclusivity Working Group team members.

## Friendly Harassment-Free Space

We are committed to providing a friendly, safe and welcoming
environment for all, regardless of gender identity, sexual
orientation, disability, ethnicity, religion, age, physical
appearance, body size, race, or similar personal characteristics.

Any spamming, trolling, flaming, baiting, or other attention-stealing
behavior is not welcome, and will not be tolerated.

Harassing other Working Group participants is never tolerated, whether
via public or private media.

Avoid using offensive or harassing names, nicknames, or other
identifiers that might detract from a friendly, safe, and welcoming
environment for all.

Harassment includes, but is not limited to: harmful or prejudicial
verbal or written comments related to gender identity, sexual
orientation, disability, ethnicity, religion, age, physical
appearance, body size, race, or similar personal characteristics;
inappropriate use of nudity, sexual images, and/or sexually explicit
language in public spaces; threats of physical or non-physical harm;
deliberate intimidation, stalking or following; harassing photography
or recording; sustained disruption of talks or other events;
inappropriate physical contact; and unwelcome sexual attention.

## Reporting Violations of this Code of Conduct

If you believe someone is harassing you or has otherwise violated this
Code of Conduct, please contact us at <??????????> to send us an
abuse report.  If this is the initial report of a problem, please
include as much detail as possible. It is easiest for us to address
issues when we have more context.

## Consequences

All participation in this Working Group is at the sole discretion of
the Working Group members.

Unacceptable behavior from any community member, including sponsors,
employees, customers, or others with decision-making authority, will
not be tolerated.

Anyone asked to stop unacceptable behavior is expected to comply
immediately.

If a community member engages in unacceptable behavior, the Working
Group members may take any action they deem appropriate, up to and
including a temporary ban or permanent expulsion from the community
without warning.

## Addressing Grievances

If you feel you have been falsely or unfairly accused of violating
this Code of Conduct, you should notify the Working Group.  We will
do our best to ensure that your grievance is handled appropriately.

In general, we will choose the course of action that we judge as being
most in the interest of fostering a safe and friendly community.

## Contact Info

Please contact <?????????> if you need to report a problem or
address a grievance related to an abuse report.

You are also encouraged to contact us if you are curious about
something that might be "on the line" between appropriate and
inappropriate content.  We are happy to provide guidance to help you
be a successful part of our community.

## Changes

This is a living document and may be updated from time to time.
Please refer to the [git history for this
document](https://github.com/node/inclusivity/commits/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
to view the changes.

## Credit and License

This Code of Conduct borrows heavily from the Stumptown Syndicate
[Citizen's Code of Conduct](http://citizencodeofconduct.org/), and the
[Rust Project Code of
Conduct](https://www.rust-lang.org/conduct.html).

This document may be reused under a [Creative Commons
Attribution-ShareAlike
License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).
